Uh, welcome to our live stream. We're
going to try this out here. Just trying
a new format. No intro video yet. Uh, we
don't have any kind of intro song. We're
trying a portrait mode
>> uh landscape here a little bit. And um,
this is wigging me out here because I
it's switched around. I can't see Arondo
on my screen. So, I'm going to switch
around here on the screens a little bit.
We're going to try this this format
here. Um, for those of you who are
following me on PowerBI tips, I want to
introduce you to we've seen Arando on
the show a couple times before. Arando
is here. He and I are doing some side
pro projects around data and moving data
around and doing some things. We are
here to discuss a little about this
clawbot, maltbot, open clawbot, like
what all the bots are. It's literally
the same project. I'm so confused. Uh
but I I have some initial reactions.
Armando, I got to say publicly, thank
you so much for introducing to Miss to
me to this whole environment that we're
getting into. I'm sorry.
>> Yeah, it's okay. You're I'm [laughter]
sorry. Exactly right. Maybe give a
little bit of background, Armando. Why
are we talking about this now? And what
did you do? What what project did we
start noodling on here? And and we're
just kind of we're figuring this out as
we go. We just hit an unlock and we want
to share it. Armano, give us a story.
>> That's awesome. Yeah. Well, I was
talking about this this morning. It's
the whole like LLMs come into the
picture. Now we want to use them for
coding. Now we want them to do a little
bit more. And then it's like but every
session is its own thing and sometimes I
want it to do more things and just keep
talking to it and have it remember
things and having it in your computer is
sometimes impractical because you're on
the road and etc. We're always moving
around.
>> So then comes along this project called
Clawbot. Then it then changed name to
Moldbot and now it's called Open Claw
>> since last night. And they they
basically wrap your favorite flavor in
this case Anthropics uh Opus 4.5 in like
a Telegram or WhatsApp or Slack, Google
chat, whatever interface. So now you can
talk to it from wherever you are on your
phone or computer and it's really neat.
Just that makes it very practical. But I
think what really makes it exciting is
that it's actually running not the chat
version that you use in the app but the
terminal CLI version. So for those who
are not very technical that means like
cloud code or openAI's codeex that means
it has access to the file system and it
can create files download apps generate
apps test apps run whole environments
and you are just talking to it via
telegram. This is insane. So that's what
this thing is. But I there's a huge wave
of people showing up and doing things.
So I think the mental model I lose here
a little bit is like you you typically
talk to like a chat session. You have
like a prompt a window and eventually
the thing just gets junked up and and
messy. What I'm learning from this
project and I I I literally implemented
last night. I had some work I had to get
done. I had to do some this is for the
PowerBI people on the on the channel.
This is a semantic model I was playing
with. I'm using an MCP server for
PowerBI desktop. So PowerBI desktop
comes on your machine. I can MCP my way
into the server and um the the MCP talks
to the PowerBI desktop and I'm able to
command it to do different things. Uh
hey, make a measure, add some folders,
any column that is a number, hide it and
add a measure that does a sum on top of
that column. So really neat things,
super powerful. But then I had this
epiphany. Uh Armando thankfully had a
couple days before showed me this um at
the time we installed Claudebot. Since
it's installed, it has now changed to
maltbot and now currently it is now
OpenClaw as the the name of the system
or the infrastructure. But at the time
we were talking to Clawbot and and his
name was Alfred. So Armando, you
interviewed him. He gave you some
information like what do you want me to
call you? All these kind of things. And
there was a learning for me that okay,
I've given a large language model full
control of a machine. And you'll see a
lot of people right now going out and
I'm buying a Mac Mini. I'm buying this
computer. I'm putting these things
together. And the reason they're doing
this is because they don't want it to be
on their main machine and they want to
treat it like a different employee. And
I had an epiphany as we were doing this.
I'm thinking this is more like an
employee than it is like an agent on
your computer. Normally, I would prompt
it and it would give me just text back
and there's all these security
restrictions. It can't edit my files. It
can't do things on my machine.
If I hired a new employee, I would not
let them see my machine. I would not let
them access it unless on very specific
things. I wouldn't trust them for that.
>> In in the same way, I would set them up
a user identity. I would set them up,
you know, if you need to access my
SharePoint site, you can access it using
this specific identity and you can just
pop that into um you know their
knowledge base. And so what I was
learning from this is as I'm I'm working
with Armono on Claudebot here and this
stuff is it's making its own
instructions. It's saving its own
passwords. It's behaving just like an
employee. And because the memory of the
agent is limited, all it's doing is
writing a whole bunch of markdown files
and referencing them in a folder
structure. And so when you ask it to,
hey Claudebot, or hey whatever, I want
you to go connect to the semantic model.
I want you to go download this program.
I want you to do XYZ things, it makes
its own skills essentially and writes
them back down and then goes to pick
them up when they need them. Is that a
good kind of a assumption Armando of
like how you were seeing it work?
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, one of the great things
about it and hey Mike and Brianna I see
some messages coming in. The cool thing
about it is when you're using cloud code
which is supremely powerful on its own.
You have it on your computer. You
installed it. You're developing right?
it can write or you can tell it to write
into a cloud.md a markdown file what
that project is about what that
repository is about and just keep track
of what it's doing so next so you can
interact with it across session it sort
of remembers and it's very good now what
cloudbot modebot openclaw does is it has
its own separate files that it keeps
sort of long term so it could be context
switching and you could be talking to it
and has the like the soul [laughter]
>> file personality
And that one stays.
>> That's hilarious.
>> And I think that's what it's called
literally.
>> Yeah, it is. It's called the soul
soul.md, right?
>> Soul.md. [laughter]
And then and then the other files might
be more project based. And so it's cool
because you could be talking to it and
it keeps its personality, but then if
you reference project A, it'll know what
project A is about. If you reference
project B, it knows, right? And so you
were saying it it sort of keeps tabs on
that. And then it also keeps tabs on all
those skills you were talking about like
oh I know how to MCP into superbase I
know how to MCP into N8N I know how to
talk to fabric right
>> and all those don't have to be in the
full context of a huge conversation he
can actually clear context with the LLM
itself but have its own context that it
loads in each conversation to keep track
of everything
>> sort of yeah
>> yes so
and and I I like that the way you you
described that. So that's a like that's
the part, but it acts this clawed bot
that this open call solution really is
now
very different in how I observe like um
not very different. It's almost the same
obser observations as when I'm hiring
new employees. Same kind of concept. And
and that's kind of how I'm treating it
there on my side is I'm looking at this
person being, okay, you're a brand new
employee. I'm bringing you on board.
Let's let's see how you work in concert
with my team or whatever. So all this to
say I'm learning this with Armando. I'm
now on my own building the PowerBI MCP.
I'm building things over there and I
decide
I have a I have some data I need. I have
documentation on a website HTML page
>> and it describes column names. It
describes information. It and then I
have a PowerBI report that is the same
tables, but there's no documentation.
I'm missing all my descriptions. So, I
use the PowerBI MCP, get the HTML page,
suck down all the information that I
needed from just like a web, just a
literally an interactive, you know,
schema diagram.
>> I said, read this code.
>> Find me the table name that matches over
here that it does in my semantic model.
And oh, by the way, this HTML page has
all this web documentation about like
descriptions and what it so I literally
just showed up told it here's the source
of information here's my semantic model
match up the tables go summarize the
columns and column descriptions that you
find in this other language which had a
bunch of SQL statements and had a bunch
of other it can just figure it out it
summarized all of my columns and then it
built my documentation for a single
table and it added all my measures on
the columns Um, I was able to make uh
see there were measures and actually
build them into my semantic model.
Already done, easy to do. And so I I
thought for a moment I was like, "Oh,
I'm going to pull on my Claudebot
knowledge here." And I'm going to say,
"Okay, now that I've done a single task,
>> I told the agent and I think I think I
was talking to Claude in my VS Code
instance at this time. I said, make a
skill
>> that does this." And so in doing that,
in making the skill around this agent
that I can then pull forward was great
because now I can pull that agent in, I
saved the skill into my little folder.
And then I said, "Okay, great. Clear the
context window, start it over again, and
I said, let's go from ground zero." Told
it, go use the skill that you just made
for yourself and do this for every table
in the database or in in my semantic
model. And it went through and it ripped
through
190 columns making its own descriptions
doing the and I even went through and
said you know what I don't really like
the descriptions you made for the ID
columns because it's a key and surrogate
key make a better description and
actually if there's any IDs like what
tables is it used in
>> and write out hey this ID column links
to these other two tables I need to get
this stuff together like just build a
better description. Oh, I know what
you're talking about. And it just goes
out and does it. And so now I've And
then know, okay, update your
instructions on your skills to do this
for any kind of ID columns. So I'm
looking at this going, I just wrote
programming code. Like I I just wrote a
function just called a skill,
>> but I didn't do any of it. I just
literally worked with it on the process,
figured it out, told it to document its
own process, store it away, and then
just reuse its own process. My mind was
blowing up. I'm like, this I saved
myself days of work. In two hours, I had
documented this model to a very high
degree with lots of changes very
rapidly. And all I did was program it
with talking to the model. And then I
have another point around this one, but
Armando, what do you think? No, I think
you're on point. And some people
mentioned my volume was low. I erased it
a little. Tell me if that that helps.
But
>> I adjusted on my end too a little bit.
>> The
this the talking to it and giving it
your instructions. We were talking about
this the other day. Yes. People say
like, "No, but you have to learn
programming otherwise you don't know
like what's what's going on." But at the
end of the day, just think about it.
Programming is just like
>> Yeah. JavaScript, C++, C
assembly, like whatever programming
language exists since the beginning of
computers, those were created such that
we could talk with the computer because
there was no other way like unless we
wanted to like skip right and do jumps
and stuff. Now,
>> if you wanted to tell it what to do,
then you would use a programming
language and they were they're not
English by any means. they were just a
way to talk with the computer. So now
what what that did was enable a lot of
developers to eventually create
applications. But now we're in a point
where it understands us natural language
and it understands code. So if you tell
it clearly what you want it to do, it
will just convert that into very very
good code. So it doesn't make messy
code. Some people think it makes no it
makes very good code. It just will
create whatever code it understood you
to want.
>> Yes, that's the point. So again, my ex
having better
um skills, having better
instructions, having better those things
are incredibly important now because
that's going to dictate like what are
your coding best practice. So I found
another one. I found a a whole cloud
skills repo somewhere. I have to go dig
it up somewhere. I found a whole Big
Cloud skills repo of here's every single
different language,
>> JavaScript, React, all the different
languages. Here's the skills an agent
would need to know to use all best
practices. And I thought to myself, this
is exactly what architects should be
doing. The reason you have an architect
on your team is to sit down and say, I
know the best way to build pro
programming and code because of all my
years of experience. When I do code
reviews, I don't actually write the
code. I'm just going to review what
everyone else wrote. Hey, you're using a
null pointer or whatever over here or
you're doing this function that's irre
irrelevant. Hey, you're using a data
type of any. We don't like that. That's
not what we do here, right? So, it's
able to pick up and so this is one of
the reasons why agents are so helpful is
you can give it the instructions and it
understands how to read the code at
volume and within minutes you're getting
a code review as opposed to hours of
someone else actually physically looking
at it and they may not even catch
everything. Mhm.
>> So to me, this this whole skills area is
like really interesting
>> and I'm taking some lessons learned
from, you know, um, Open Claw and trying
to incorporate that into like how I
actually use agents today and and I
don't I feel like right now everything I
do is start in a folder. Like I go to I
go to VS Code, I make a folder somewhere
on my machine and I start there. like I
have to have a folder to begin with
because I'm going to tell it to make
files. I'm gonna tell it to document
itself. And I'm now looking at how do I
take that knowledge and better
distribute that to the rest of my team.
like that that's that's going to be
super impactful now long term is because
I'm able to work with an agent build
patterns document them and then now that
the trick is how do I distribute my
skills that we've developed
>> or my engineers are developing amongst
the team and that's another whole kind
of another ball of wax but this is so
amazing and I I want to double down on
your point Arando
you said
we don't really know what code it's
writing and or we're getting less and
less of that as we go along. I want to
introduce another concept here. I'm
going to predict this and and this is
maybe already happened to some degree. I
have not seen it on my newsfeed, but
whatever for whatever reason, whenever
Armando and I make predictions now,
we're just making predictions based on
what we see coming down the road from a
technology standpoint. And and it
literally it within weeks now, it's
literally showing up in my newsfeed of
like, hey, someone made this thing. So,
here's my next prediction for you. My
next prediction is someone is going to
invent or we're going to build languages
that humans cannot read in programming.
Now my argument here is
already I don't get a JSON file and I
don't tell the computer put it on this
registry on my disc. I I do not do that.
Right? That's already been abstracted so
far away from that. I could never write
that code even if you'd maybe try. I
don't have the knowledge. I can't write
machine level code on things. just don't
do it right. So at what point in time,
so when I look at like TypeScript,
Python, React, all these frameworks that
are there, the only reason the framework
exists is to help humans, people
understand loops and structures and
frames and objects. And it's it's
bridging the gap between me as a person
and what I can understand. And it's
simplifying a lot of what's happening
down the computer level. So it's
literally just an we call this
abstraction abstraction layer upon
abstraction layer like I have an op I
have the binary code that's running then
I have the the operating system and then
I have you know the program or the Figma
or the browser like all these things are
abstractions away from something that's
really there. Okay, let's just skip all
that and let's just say hey agent you
need to build your own programming
language. We don't care to read what it
is, but as part of your programming
language, I'm going to tell you to build
things, websites, whatever, whatever,
whatever. You design what you feel like
you need, and I'm just going to tell you
what I want, and you're going to figure
it out. Right? You just design, and I
don't need to read it. I'm not going to
review your code. We're getting to the
point. We've we've hit, I think, my
opinion,
we've hit the last programming language
you'll ever need. We're done. and the
programming language is your native
tongue or English because I speak that
or you know Portuguese or whatever
whatever language you're speaking that
is the end of the that's that is the end
game. If you can get to that level and
talk to a computer with whatever you
understand
>> we're done.
>> There's not another needed abstraction
layer of language. We've hit the end. So
I think the prediction here is we've
landed at the final programming language
that we need and now what's going to
happen is we're going to just continue
to talk to the computers and from there
we're going to remove all abstracted
layers of code and programming. It's
going to be gone in like a year, two
years, five years. We're not far away
from this, I don't think. So what do you
think? What's this prediction? Are we
all
>> I agree? Yes. I I I think I read it in a
paper somewhere that that some some like
weird educational academic level thing
was happening
>> um experimental setting. But yes, I
completely agree and Mike Fton was also
saying like why would two agents think
that human languages are the best way to
communicate amongst themselves, right?
Which is perfectly true. It's a good
example.
>> I've seen that one before,
>> right? It's like no, they'll just
communicate in whatever they need and
it'll be a lot less to transfer over the
wire which will make it a lot faster, a
lot faster to process. And what's very
funny was I was laughing when you were
saying it
all these like people don't know this
but or many people don't know this but
languages right are they started like an
assembly right and then you get to see
and then you have like operating systems
and then on top of that you might have a
few others but then some of these have
virtual machines like Java had its
virtual machine right and then you have
like typescript and all that and this is
running in the browser which is on top
of its own layer and so
>> then people started like oh but then we
have Wasum which like compiles to
assembly so it sort of brings it down
and makes it faster. And I think what's
going to happen is we went so high up to
make it easy to program
>> and like you were saying it's going to
get to a point where now
>> it's going to start going down again
>> and so the LLM will start to talk in the
lowest possible abstraction layer and
it'll become the apps will be much more
efficient, the memory use will be much
more efficient. You remove like the gigs
of trash.
>> Don't need it
>> underneath the app.
>> I I remember this. I know.
>> You're going to build kilobyte. You're
going to build like you're going to
build like kilobyte level apps
>> because it's all written in the lowest
language. Zero abstraction anywhere.
>> Exactly. There was this studio I went to
a very long time ago, a recording
studio. And they had this weird software
I had never seen. They weren't using uh
ProTools or Cubase or Newendo or
anything like that. They were using this
other thing. Turns out it was built in
assembly and like this whole software
DAW was built in assembly. So it could
run in a very low power computer and you
would turn on plugins like crazy SSL
plugins and you know how there's this
little glitch that when you turn on a
plugin it's processing it's you don't do
it with live audio. You don't turn on
and off, right? you could do that. It
would just be transparent as if you were
just doing it in in a in an analog
thing. And the whole DAW was like 2 megs
or something. It was ridiculous. I I
just couldn't believe it. And it was
because it was written assembly, but
nobody takes the time
>> to do it. So, if we get to that point,
which I think we will, that'll be
amazing because now Yeah. We just talked
to LMS just like you and I.
>> Yep.
>> They build the stuff, but they build it
much better. So that means data centers
much less usage etc etc. So there's a
lot of things downstream
>> and and I think this is this is the
lynch pin for me, right? A lot of this
is like I had this epiphany today. I'm
like, "Oh my goodness. We're done." Like
like it's not that we're done
programming. It's that we're done
building things and we're done. And
anyway, none of that is going away. What
we've just hit is we've just hit a
massive unlock on hyper efficiency on
app building and we talk to it in our
language and the compiler now is now
large language models. the lang the
large rang language models will build it
and so someone just needs to come up
with so who knows what it is will be I
don't know how long it's going to take
but we're in we're in the next couple of
months someone is going to produce
another earthshaking programming
languages that has nothing to do with
people uh and everyone just is going to
focus on building these abstracted
layers down to machine code and so
that's what you're going to be building
I don't know how you'll test it I don't
know how you'll know if it's right. I
don't know how if you'll know if it's
like mining Bitcoin at the same time of
doing all these other things. I don't
know. I just don't know what the agent's
going to do. So, at some point, you're
going to have to figure out
there's a there's a whole ethical
problem that we're going to eventually
run into here, like what this means. How
is this going to work? But I foresee
this coming to a place where we're going
to get to a place where all the
abstraction layers that we have tra
traditionally been using are going to be
removed from us. And the same way I
don't tell my computer where to put this
data on the disk,
>> Yeah. I'm not going to care. I'm just
going to talk to it and get everything
just get everything working there. So,
yeah. So, Mike Forbin, I appreciate it.
Um, yeah, you heard it here first.
Armando and I had to unpack this idea
together with our community. We hope you
enjoy this idea. This is very, very
forward thinking. Maybe or not. I don't
know. I know. Now that we've said it and
it's actually out on the internet,
someone's probably going to go take it
and run with it. Or if we if we have
someone out there who's already doing
this, we'd love to talk to you, bring
you on the show. We we'd love to unpack.
Is this a real thing? And maybe there's
challenges that we're not seeing
>> that could be done here in a near period
of time. I don't know.
>> I think it it'll it'll happen. And
the fact that we don't know what the
operating system is doing. Like that's
that's one of the things that I really
like. I didn't like the class per se.
I'm sorry. But when I we had there was
one class in college where they asked us
to build
>> a little operating system, right? Yep.
And
>> and you had to talk about registers and
memory and like a bunch of other stuff.
And if you
>> Yep.
>> learn about that stuff, it's like, wow,
all this happens behind the scenes.
>> Yep.
>> So it's very interesting, but it's been
abstracted so long ago that we have no
idea what happens. So your computer
might be like doing
>> loops and stuff that you have no idea
storing stuff here and there and moving
it and back and forth and like
>> it's but as long as you can test because
nowadays we're more in the application
layer for most everything. And so in
that regard as long as you can have the
thing run its tests and make sure that
it's doing what it should in a
repeatable fashion etc. and that there's
the semi
discreet
things happening um then great remember
we're not so far from quantum computing
at which point all goes out the window
regarding if whether it was A or B now
it's just like the whole quantum realm
it's like it's just crazy stuff you
don't know what's happening so at that
point it won't matter that you want to
keep track of what's going on there
won't be a know what's going on as long
as it works That's as far as you go.
>> I would I would maybe even argue to this
point as well like that's just another
like it's another technology, right?
Someone's going to write someone's going
to need to write um you know BIOS for
you know quantum computing. Someone's
going to need to write all that and we
may have already met the point. We've
already we may have already hit the
moment in time where you're no longer
going to need to do that anymore.
Someone's not going to need to write
that. You're just going to tell the
parameters of what it needs to get done
to the agent and the agents or team of
agents. Now I mean again I'm also
looking at this um again my example back
to the semantic model rebuilding thing
right two main arguments I had almost my
entire career which has been if I had
enough time and I had enough money I
could build a perfect product right
what agents has done for me it has
collapsed
to both of those at the same time and
this is another big thought here right
agents are collapsing the entire entirey
of
time into from what took days down to
minutes. That's a huge collapse. Okay.
As soon as you reduce time, you
immediately reduce spend on how long it
takes you to get anything done. So,
that's another major concept. And then
on top of that, I'm switching out my
time and saving a lot of money on that
end to spend what, $200 a month on a
Claude Max subscription.
>> Yeah. pays for itself in the first day
you have it. Not even the first hour of
this. There's people that get are
billing. You do a talk to a lawyer,
their bill rates are like $450 to $1,500
per hour. One clawed code subscription
pays for like 15 minutes of their time
and you can now use that the entire
month and you've got and I think this is
another another concept here I think is
just so impactful here is you have to
understand that the agents and the large
language models, the composite are
building these things. You you listen to
grock you listen to they are trying to
encompass all of human knowledge into a
computer everything it know there isn't
a single programming lang programming
language that I know better than any
large language model all of them are
100% better than I am in everything
everything think about that you I can't
bring anything to the table to any large
language model so what I have to do in
order for me to stay competitive in my
space I have to learn how to leverage
the tools. I've got to be a problem
solver. I've got to move away from doing
the task and I've got to move into
orchestrating and building the
solutions. So, if anything, I'm going to
land it on that one. Very exciting
future. There's a lot of things coming.
We hope you like this format. Please let
us know in the comments. Do you like
this format? Is the is the long tong
tall format here working for you? Do you
like it? Um let us know on the social
media platforms. Uh we really do
appreciate your listenership uh with
this kind of talks. We'll hopefully do
more of these. So, Armando, thank you so
much. Any final thoughts?
>> No, I I think you're on point. And if
every anyone's trying to decipher
whether they should use something like
this, just try it. Like Mike was saying,
don't go buy a Mac Mini, right?
>> No.
>> If you want to experiment, no. Grab like
I have a 2012 MacBook Pro right there.
Yep.
>> Sitting there collecting dust. That's
where I installed it.
>> I got one, too. I got an old Razor
that's a couple years old. I'm going to
just put it up on it and just go. We're
just going to do it
>> and and play with it, right? It's uh as
long as you don't give it access to any
important stuff, there's no real risk.
>> Treat it like an employee. Give it an
employee.
>> Yeah.
>> It's got its own credentials. You give
access to it as if it has an identity
just like everything else.
>> Treat it like an employee. It's just
like another employee that you have.
You're not going to give it your
credentials to your things, to your
calendars, those things. That's not the
right way to do this. So, if anything,
I've learned that do it in a secure way.
Um there's a lot of people already
starting to talk about the security
risks of all this. Yes. Treat it like an
employee. Just give it. its own
credentials when you make things. So
anyways, that being said, thank you so
much, Armando. We'll see you next time.
Thank you for this very short episode.
Talk to you later. Thanks, Mike. Cheers.
Cheers.